This paper studies the reach control problem for a coupled affine multi-agent system, which aims to find an affine feedback control for the trajectories of the agents to reach and exit a particular facet of a given simplex in the state space in finite time. The interactions between agents characterized by diffusive coupling prevent the effective construction of controller using the well developed techniques to study similar problems for affine single-agent systems. In fact, the affine feedback control designed for a single affine system may not work for the multi-agent case anymore as some agent can be driven to exit the simplex through a restricted facet under the influence from its coupled peers. A sufficient condition is developed to guarantee that all the agents move continuously in a cone containing the simplex and exit through the exit facets in finite time under an affine feedback control. A numerical example is given to verify the effectiveness of our derived result.
This paper studies the consensus problem of hybrid multi-agent systems, where the multiple discrete-time and continuous-time dynamic individuals constitute a hybrid multi-agent group. Firstly, a hybrid event-triggered method is proposed. Under this method, the hybrid consensus can be achieved asymptotically. Besides, the Zeno-behavior of the hybrid multi-agent system will not make an appearance due to the special design of the hybrid event-triggered conditions. Then, a self-triggered algorithm is further proposed to avoid the continuous monitoring of event-triggered conditions. Finally, several simulation examples are presented which are comparative and show the effectiveness of the two method. Moreover, the impact of the parameters in the main results is analyzed.
To optimally design and safely manage public facilities (e.g. pedestrian tunnel), one need to understand the safe pedestrian flow rate. In this research, we employed a multi-agent system to simulate the pedestrians and use Bayesian-Nash Equilibrium to model their decision-making process. In the model, the tunnel is divided into cells, with each pedestrian in a cell receiving a utility based on the distance to the exit and the number of pedestrians in the cell. Then, each pedestrian uses the Bayesian-Nash Equilibrium to search for the target cell with the maximum expected utility, takes collision avoidance action before moving into the target cell and then searches for the next target cell until exits the tunnel. The proposed model is validated from a real-world scenario. We also conduct sensitivity analysis to derive insights and study the robustness of our model. From the proposed model, we find expanding the tunnel width by one meter will allow the safe pedestrian flow rate to increase by about 3 pedestrians per second. We contribute to the literature by combining incomplete information game with multiagent system and to practice by offering a novel method for reducing potential losses caused by crowd emergencies. Our work could be a valuable reference for managing dense pedestrian flows and designing public places.
This paper studies the consensus problem of multi-agent systems with general linear dynamics under a general directed graph. We propose two observer-based output feedback event-triggered control schemes with the novel triggering condition to solve the problem. It is shown that the consensus of the controlled multi-agent system can be achieved asymptotically. The feasibility of the proposed control scheme is further verified by excluding Zeno behavior for each agent. Finally, an example is given to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed control scheme.
This paper is concerned with the quasi-synchronization of heterogeneous nonlinear multi-agent systems under DOS attacks with impulsive effects. The impulsive effects play either a positive role (impulsive control) or a negative role (impulsive disturbance) in the synchronization problem. The communication topology subjected to DOS attacks is considered, which destroys the communication channel among agents. A connectivity restoration mechanism is assumed. Only considering the positive impulsive effect, the controller does not need to operate constantly, which will reduce the controller resource consumption. Only taking the negative impulsive effect into account, a feedback controller is designed to counteract with the impulsive disturbance and DOS attacks. By using the concept of ‘average impulsive interval’, the criterion of quasi-synchronization with two impulsive effects is unified. Based on the impulsive theorem, the relationship among attack strength, control gain and average impulsive interval is analyzed. The results are illustrated by a simulation example.
This paper investigates the asynchronous consensus problem of linear multiagent systems (MASs) with fixed and switching communication topologies. The proposed impulsive control approach does not need the impulse to occur simultaneously for all agents. Some sufficient conditions on asynchronous consensus are presented. The obtained results show that the consensus of MASs can be achieved exponentially by designing some control gain and impulsive sequence when the dynamic of each agent is unstable and the consensus of MASs is robust against certain impulsive permutation when the dynamic of each agent is stable. Finally, two numerical examples are provided to illustrate the effectiveness of the obtained theoretical results.
The optimum allocation of land resources is an important process that promotes the intensive use of land resources and facilitates sustainable development. The main land-use optimum allocation models generally tend to ignore the influence of human activities on the optimization of land-use; thus, leading to inaccurate optimization results for the land-use spatial layout and impeding sustainable land-use planning. Some of these models consider human activities, but lack global optimization goals and iterative search mechanisms, and therefore have no optimization function and provide unsatisfactory optimization results. Therefore, this study coupled the multi-agent system (MAS) that contains land-use planning knowledge with the search iteration mechanism in the shuffled frog leaping algorithm (SFLA) and rebuilt the local optimization behavior of the SFLA; thus, developing a new kind of land-use optimum allocation model, the so-called “multi-agent shuffled frog leaping algorithm” (MASFLA). The model was then applied to the Jizhou District of Tianjin City, and there were three key simulation results. (1) The MASFLA had remarkable optimization effects on land resource use, and the optimized values of ecosystem services, regional economic output, and land-use intensive degree increased by 18.6, 51.1, and 30.3%, respectively. (2) The MASFLA had better optimization effects than a single algorithm, and its comprehensive fitness value was 2.1 and 4.1% higher than that of the SFLA and the particle swarm optimization (PSO), respectively, under the same convergence conditions. (3) The MASFLA model could relieve the land-use conflicts between different decision-making agents and realize the optimum allocation of regional land-use in terms of both spatial structure and quantity under multiple optimization goals and restrictions; thus, increasing the local economic output, improving the land-use spatial compactness and ecological environment, and promoting the sustainable use of regional land.
Despite increasing interest, real-time prognostics (failure prediction) is still not widespread in industry due to the difficulties of existing systems to adapt to the dynamic and heterogeneous properties of real asset fleets. In order to address this, we present an Industrial Multi Agent System for real-time distributed collaborative prognostics. Our system fulfils all six core properties of Advanced Multi Agent Systems: Distribution, Flexibility, Adaptability, Scalability, Leanness, and Resilience. Experimental examples of each are provided for the case of prognostics using the C-MAPPS engine degradation data set, and data from a fleet of industrial gas turbines. Prognostics are performed using the Weibull Time To Event-Recurrent Neural Network algorithm. Collaboration is achieved by sharing information between agents in the system. We conclude that distributed collaborative prognostics is especially pertinent for systems with presence of sensor faults, limited computing capabilities or significant fleet heterogeneity.
In this paper, we study the cooperative robust output regulation problem for a class of nonlinear multi-agent systems subject to a nonlinear leader system. We first establish a result on the existence of a distributed observer for a class of nonlinear leader systems. Then, we convert the cooperative robust output regulation problem into a robust stabilization problem of an augmented system composed of the given multi-agent system and the distributed internal model. Finally, we stabilize this augmented system by a decentralized output feedback control law, which together with the distributed observer and the distributed internal model, constitutes an overall distributed output feedback control law to solve the cooperative robust output regulation problem of the given multi-agent system. An example with the well-known Van der Pol system as the leader system is used to illustrate our design.
In this paper, fully distributed containment control problems of multi-agent systems with doubleintegrator dynamics are investigated under directed topologies. For the cases with and without communication delay, two new fully distributed control protocols are designed, which do not need any global information of the communication topology graph. Necessary and sufficient conditions are obtained to ensure the solvability of the considered containment control problems. Particularly, for the case with communication delay, the critical value of the maximum allowable time delay of containment control is found. Finally, numerical simulations are presented to demonstrate the effectiveness of the theoretical results.
The purpose of the study is to develop a learning system for internal representation of the events localization space to realize orientation and navigation of autonomous mobile systems. The task of the research is the development of simulation models of the semantics of the event localization space based on multi-agent neurocognitive architectures. The paper proves that the multi-agent neurocognitive architecture is an effective formalism for describing the semantics of the spatial localization of events. Main theoretical foundations have been developed for the simulation of spatial relations using the so-called multi-agent facts, consisting of software agents-concepts, reflecting semantic categories corresponding to parts of speech. It is shown that locative software agents that describe the spatial location of objects and events, forming homogeneous connections, compose the so-called field locations. The latter describes a holistic view of the intellectual agent about the environment. The paper defines conceptual foundations of multi-agent modeling of the semantics of subjective reflexive mapping of the interaction between real objects, space and time.
Partial component consensus means that some components of all state variables in a multi-agent system tend to be convergence as time tends to be infinite. It is a dynamics behavior that is weaker than identical consensus. In this paper, partial component consensus of nonlinear multi-agent systems via intermittent pinning control is investigated for the first time, and the intermittent signal can be aperiodic. With the help of permutation matrix method, the corresponding error system is reduced to a new error system. Then, partial component consensus in the multi-agent system is converted into the stability of the new error system with respect to partial variables. Based on matrix theory, graph theory and stability theory of partial variables, some sufficient conditions to guarantee exponential partial component consensus are derived. Finally, numerical simulations are shown to demonstrate correctness of the theoretical results.
The robustness of multi-agent topology has great importance to the design of multi-agent formation, while to improve the robustness of the topology without increasing its cost is also very important. In this paper, we proposed an optimization method for the robustness of multi-agent formation. The natural connectivity is used for measuring the robustness of multi-agent formation. Through analysis, the formation optimization problem is transformed into a 0–1 nonlinear programming problem. In order to solve the problem quickly, the paper presents a genetic algorithm based on chaotic search optimization. When the method given in this paper is applied to specific requirements, only the constraint conditions need to be modified, so the method has good universality. The results show that the optimized network can significantly improve the robustness of the network.
In this paper, the sampled-data leader-following consensus is investigated for a class of nonlinear multi-agent systems, where all agents are influenced by impulsive perturbations emerging from the input channels. Using the algebraic graph theory, the leader-following consensus problem of the multi-agent system is transformed into the stability problem of a constructed error system. By the Lyapunov functional method and the impulsive system theory, sufficient conditions for leader-following consensus of the underlying multi-agent systems are given. The proposed results are then extended to the containment control of multi-agent systems with multiple leaders. Finally, two numerical examples are presented to show the validity of the proposed results.
It is well known that heterogeneity is an important feature of multi-agent systems. In this paper, we consider the second-order consensus of hybrid multi-agent system which is composed of continuoustime and discrete-time dynamic agents. By analyzing the interactive mode of different dynamic agents, two kinds of effective consensus protocols are proposed for the hybrid multi-agent system. The analysis tool developed in this paper is based on algebraic graph theory and system transformation method. Some necessary and sufficient conditions are established for solving the second-order consensus of hybrid multi-agent system. Two examples are also provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the theoretical results.
Most current studies of adaptive robot control concentrate on parameter convergence in the steady state, while parameter convergence rates are rarely investigated. This paper proposes a least-squares modulated composite learning robot control based on Moore–Penrose pseudoinverse to improve the performance of parameter convergence. In the composite learning, a prediction error is constructed based on online historical data and regressor extension, and both the prediction and tracking errors are applied to update parameter estimates such that accurate and smooth parameter estimation is obtained under a weak excitation condition termed interval excitation (IE). The distinctive features of the proposed method include: (1) Asymptotic stability of the closed-loop system is proven without the IE condition; (2) exponential stability is proven and balanced and easily tunable rates of parameter convergence are achieved under the IE condition, where the rates are independent of unpredictable excitation levels in different regressor channels. These two features are generally not achievable with the existing adaptive robot control methods. Experimental results on an industrial manipulator have demonstrated the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed approach.
In this paper we address the problem of recognising the Broad-leaved dock (Rumex obtusifolius L.) in grasslands from high-resolution 2D images. We discuss and present the determining factors for developing and implementing weed visual recognition algorithms using deep learning. This analysis, leads to the formulation of the proposed algorithm. Our implementation exploits Transfer Learning techniques for deep learning-based feature extraction, in combination with a classifier for weed recognition. A prototype robotic platform has been used to make available an image dataset from a dairy farm containing broad-leaved docks. The evaluation of the proposed algorithm on this dataset shows that it outperforms competing weed/plant recognition methods in recognition accuracy, while producing low false-positive rates under real-world operation conditions.
Distal-end force information is usually missing in flexible endoscopic robots due to the difficulties of mounting miniature force sensors on their end-effectors. This hurdle creates big challenges in providing a sense of touch for the operating surgeons. Many existing studies have developed models to calculate the distal-end forces based on the measured proximal-end forces of Tendon-Sheath Mechanisms (TSMs), but these models assume known sheath bending configuration which is unknown during real-life surgeries. This paper presents a two-stage data-driven method that makes dynamic distal-end force prediction of a flexible endoscopic robot without this assumption. In stage one, a convolutional neural network is used to estimate the sheath cumulative bending angle based on the proximal-end force responses of the robot to a probing signal; in stage two, a combination of two long-short-termmemory models pre-trained for the bending angles nearest to the estimated angle (obtained in stage one) makes dynamic estimations of the distal-end force of the robot. The proposed approach overcomes the challenges due to unknown TSM configurations and can robustly identify the correct force hysteresis phases of TSMs. The force prediction is continuous, accurate, and has a mean RMSE of 0.1711 N. This method was validated on an actual flexible surgical robot. In addition, since the proposed approach provides an estimation of the current system cumulative bending angle, it can also be used to facilitate the mathematical modeling methods which require information on the cumulative bending angle.
The motion of a redundant dual-arm robot is subject to dual-arm coordination constraints when performing a coordination task. However, these constraints are usually fixed. To improve the ability of dual arm robots to interact effectively with human beings, it is necessary to obtain the variable dual-arm coordination constraints from the observation of human arm motion. This paper developed a novel redundant dual-arm robot motion learning method based on human-arm coordination characteristics. It can realize the human-like coordination motion of a dual-arm robot in both Cartesian space and joint space. The proposed method was implemented on a real redundant dual-arm robot platform. Experiments involving two tasks, carrying and pouring, were carried out, and the results indicate that the robot can successfully reproduce the demonstrated human-arm motion tasks, and the dual-arm robot has the characteristics of coordinated human-like motion, making robotic dual-arm manipulations more smooth and natural.
Recently, robot learning through deep reinforcement learning has incorporated various robot tasks through deep neural networks, without using specific control or recognition algorithms. However, this learning method is difficult to apply to the contact tasks of a robot, due to the exertion of excessive force from the random search process of reinforcement learning. Therefore, when applying reinforcement learning to contact tasks, solving the contact problem using an existing force controller is necessary. A neural-network-based movement primitive (NNMP) that generates a continuous trajectory which can be transmitted to the force controller and learned through a deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) algorithm is proposed for this study. In addition, an imitation learning algorithm suitable for NNMP is proposed such that the trajectories similar to the demonstration trajectory are stably generated. The performance of the proposed algorithms was verified using a square peg-in-hole assembly task with a tolerance of 0.1 mm. The results confirm that the complicated assembly trajectory can be learned stably through NNMP by the proposed imitation learning algorithm, and that the assembly trajectory is improved by learning the proposed NNMP through the DDPG algorithm.
Uncertain factors in environments restrict the intelligence level of industrial robots. Based on deep reinforcement learning, a skill-acquisition method is used to solve the posed problems of uncertainty in a complex assembly process. Under the frame of the Markov decision process, a quaternion sequence of the assembly process is represented. The reward function uses a trained classification model, which mainly recognizes whether the assembly is successful. The proposed skill-acquisition method is designed to make robots acquire assembly skills. The input of the model is the contact state of the assembly process, and the output is the robot action. The robot can complete the assembly by self-learning with little prior knowledge. To evaluate the performance of the proposed skill-acquisition method, simulations and real-world experiments were performed in a low-voltage apparatus assembly. The assembly success rate increases with the learning time. In the case of a random initial position and orientation, the assembly success rate was greater than 80% with little prior knowledge. The results show that the robot has a capability to complex assembly through skill acquisition.
This paper proposes a trajectory controller for a 4-wheel skid steering mobile robot designed for use in an oil palm plantation. The nature of the working environment requires adaptive control to eliminate noise and to learn necessary variations on-the-go. The proposed control system is based on the Enhanced Self Organizing Incremental Neural Network (ESOINN), and is able to produce exceptional trajectory control without the use of a kinematic / dynamic model of the mobile robot by training the network with measured trajectory data as well as simulated data by incremental learning. Our simulation results show that the ESOINN is able to adapt to new training samples and errors have been reduced after only a few iterations of incremental learning. The RMSE error of the output of the initial network was reduced by almost 50% after 3 stages of incremental learning. When comparing training times, ESOINN had a much faster computation time with each consecutive incremental learning instance as compared to other non-incremental methods such as self-organizing maps (SOM), K-means clustering and an adaptive Neural Network. In addition, ESOINN produced improved performance after each consecutive stage of learning, proving its reliability, unlike the other mentioned methods, which gave varied performance during each stage.
: In total 220 initial patients who have undergone robotic thyroidectomy via bilateral axillo-breast approach from May 2015 to September 2017 were involved in this study. The data of operation time, clinical characteristics, surgical outcomes and oncological outcomes were collected. The moving average method is use to explore the learning curve. Results: All patients had undergone robotic thyroidectomy successfully without conversion to other surgical approaches. The mean age of the enrolled subjects was 34.4  7.8 years old, while the sex ratio (male/female) was 38/182. There were 50 benign tumor cases and 170 malignant tumor cases. The mean total operation time was 105.3  37.6 min. Lymph node metastasis was observed in 61 (35.9%) patients. The mean retrieved lymph node count was 5.1  3.8 while the mean metastatic lymph node count was 0.7  1.5. The operation time decreased significantly after about 30e35 cases and formed the plateau. After 80 cases, the operation time significantly decreased again. Conclusion: For skilled endocrine surgeons, robotic thyroidectomy has proved to be safe and feasible, which could be applied extensively in patients strictly selected in high-volume centers, with a relatively short learning curve of about 30e35 cases. While the surgeons getting more experienced, this technique would be more efficient.
Autonomous navigation of mobile robot in unknown environment has attracted much attention of scholars over the past decades, and many bio-inspired heuristic navigation models have been presented, such as the cerebellum and basal ganglia models. Pervious cerebellum and basal ganglia model, however, treats them as parallel and independent system, without interaction between them, or combines their function together, but with only unidirectional communication between them. Based on the cognition and developmental mechanism of the biology, this paper proposes a novel navigation model, which uses the motivated developmental network (MDN) to mimic the supervised learning of the cerebellum and the reinforcement learning based on the radial basis function neural network (RBFNN) to simulate the reward-based learning of the basal ganglia, and integrates them together to construct a hybrid complex cognition model, to navigate a mobile robot in unknown environment. During the environment exploration, for the unexplored places, the artificial agent uses the cerebellum model to choose action, instead of the -greedy method, to accelerate the learning convergence speed of the basal ganglia. For the explored places, it directly uses the basal ganglia based on the RBFNN to explore, then update and perfect the knowledge base of the cerebellum, which enable the cerebellum to achieve better decision in the following exploration. Hence, it realizes not only the two way communication between the cerebellum and basal ganglia, but also the co-development of them. Experimental results show that this model can enable the agent to autonomously development its intelligence through the hybrid learning. As far as we know, this is the first work to realize the direct communication between the basal ganglia and the cerebellum.
In this study the robotic deception phenomenon is raised in the framework of a signaling game which utilizes fuzzy logic and game theory along with inspirations from nature. Accomplishing the fuzzy signaling strategy set for deceptive players serves as a great part of our contribution and on this aim, hierarchical fuzzy inference systems support receiver’s actions and sender’s ant-inspired deceptive signals (track and pheromone). In addition, special deceptive robots and visually-supported experimental environment are also provided. The fuzzy behavior of robots defines the strategy type of players. The final result of deception process depends on this strategy type which leads to proposing a payoff matrix in which each cell of mutual costs is defined with special supporting logic related to our deception game with pursuit–evasion applications. Furthermore, motivated by animal signaling, through applying mixed strategies on deceiver’s honesty level and rival’s trust level, the corresponding learning dynamics are investigated and the conceptual discussion put forward serves as a proof to the smart human-like behavior that occurs between the robots: the interactive learning. Simulation results show that robots are capable of interactive learning within deceptive interaction and finally change their strategies to adopt themselves to new situation occurred due to opponent’s strategy change. Because of repetitive change in strategies as a result of learning, the conditions of a persistent deception without breakdown holds for this game where deceiver can frequently benefit from deception without leaving rival to lose its trust totally. The change in strategy will happen after a short time needed to learn the new situation. In rival’s learning process, this short time, which we call the ignorance time, exactly is the period that deceiver can benefit from deception while its evil intends are still concealed. Moreover, in this study an algorithm is given for the proposed signaling game of deception and an illustrative experiment in the introduced experimental environment demonstrates the process of a successful deception. The paper also gives solution to the proposed game by analyzing mixed Nash equilibrium which turns out to be the interior center fixed point of the learning dynamics.
In many applications, it is a vital part to precisely control the movement of a robotic arm to reach a position. Currently the control of a robotic arm is achieved by solving complex kinematic equations. However, controlling the movements of limbs is a very basic ability for animals. Animals can accurately and quickly controltheir limbs to achieves goals. Itis achieved by the inside biological neural mechanisms. Thus, a question worth researching arises naturally. That is can we control the movements of a robotic arm by mimicking animals’ neural mechanisms? In our previous works, we have studied the biological neural mechanism under Drosophila’s flight controlling behavior. In this paper, we applied the neural mechanism on the robotic arm controlling task, in which we need to control the robotic arm to reach or avoid a certain position according to the environmentfeedback. A spiking neural circuitis builtto achieve the control of the robotic arm. And dopamine-modulated spike-timing-dependent plasticity is used to adjust the circuit connections according to the environment feedback. We show that with such a neural circuit and synaptic plasticity, the robotic arm can autonomously learn to reach a position or to avoid a position, given proper environment feedbacks.
The use of a learning factory creates a platform for putting to use research innovations, directly into industrial practice.